ENH: add masked algorithm for mean() function (#34814)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.0.rst

Performance improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Performance improvement in :meth:`IntervalIndex.isin` (:issue:`38353`)

> - Performance improvement in :meth:`array.mean` (:issue:`34814`)

Reviewer: this is not going to render. use ``` :meth:`Series.mean` ``` with an `ExtensionDtype` is fine

> - Performance improvement in :meth:`Series.mean` for ``ExtensionDtype`` columns (:issue:`34814`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Performance improvement in :meth:`Series.mean` for nullable data types (:issue:`34814`)
```

(it's not for all extension dtypes)
